insufficient balance
There are rules for the consumption of the master Muse fund
Can only be used for system-approved Muse consumption
Any self-consumption is prohibited
In addition, after Muse's favorability reaches 100 points
All Muse consumer funds will be returned immediately
The personal wealth of the host
What do I say
You didn't ask?
Sir, you can't bring enough money, can you?
Could it be that you want to eat the Overlord meal?
Oh no no no
I have money. I have money.
With the system
Can he bind as my Muse
Yes, the host Muse binding is successful.
Wait a minute.
Hello beautiful woman
My name is Chen Tianze
You can add a WeChat.
I bought your consumption today.
Ye Linger's favorability towards the host is reduced by 50%.
Currently -50 points
I can still record this thing
You also dare to ask me for WeChat.
Don't look at your own virtues
Hey
Don't rush to refuse
If you promise me
Your daily consumption today.